# Daily Notes by Jack Baty

## 2021-08-06 Daily Notes

I thought my Gemini server was broken because I was getting an error. Eventually, I realized that the failure was expected because I was trying to access gemlog.baty.net with a web browser. I'm a moron.

## 2021-06-24 Daily Notes

This is me not working on an iPad. 👋

I spent my "computer" time yesterday at a standing desk using my iPad. It was fun, but let's be honest, it was a diversion. The iPad is wonderful, but is incomplete. That's part of its charm, but charm diminishes after too many frustrating limitations. I'm going to spend most of my time again today on the iPad, but I'm well aware that I'll end up back at my Mac. The iPad is great for taking a break. Oh, and I just launched Emacs because nothing can touch Org mode.

I don't like where anything is going.

Must I participate?

Using Logseq (and indirectly, Emacs) doesn't make me feel beholden to anyone and that feels good.

I may have pinpointed why I never got on with the Harry Potter series. Magic is cheating. If the author has magic at her disposal, she can get anyone in and out of any sort of trouble at any time. It's a cop out and is inconsistently applied. "Hey, let's freeze this bad guy with a spell!" 10 minutes later: "Oh no! Whatever shall we do about this bad guy?!"

Art may be inseparable from the artist, but it can be better than the artist, so stop telling me I'm not allowed to enjoy a creative work simply because the artist is an ass.

Recently discovered the "Turbo" channel on SiriusXM. "A supercharged collection of extreme hard rock from the '90s & 2000s driven with turbo power! Hear a mix of adrenaline inducing overdrive rock for Generation X & Y." Yes please!

I just spent a couple hours working on a way to publish this wiki using the iPad. Nope. Quine, Working Copy, etc. no help. The most reasonable option would be to run node on the server but that would eliminate the whole public/private distinction from my build process. This iPad thing does not make things less complicated, as I'd hoped it might.

## 2021-06-08 Daily Notes

Moved the Git repo for this capsule to my Gitea instance. Slowly becoming more self-hosted.

Upgraded Lagrange to v1.5.1

## 2021-05-21 Daily Notes

Why am I still doing this? I don't know, honestly. Sometimes it's the urge to type some text and have it end up in some obscure place, still looking like text.

## 2021-05-02 Daily Notes

I'm afraid I'm not keeping up with this. As much as I love the idea of this quiet web, I question the need to post here. What am I trying to prove and/or learn by doing so?

I posted yesterday about taking the easy routes this month.

=> https://copingmechanism.com/2021/may-is-easy-mode-month/ May is "Easy Mode Month"

## 2021-04-28 Daily Notes

I seem to be on the wrong side of the internet mob with my support of DHH's policy and followup about keeping political discussions away from work.

## 2021-04-28 Daily Notes

I should write a post about how I'm using Gemini. I would, but am I actually _using_ Gemini? I'm tinkering, but for how long?

## 2021-04-27 Daily Notes

Moving the files for this capsule local and added a Makefile for sync. This, instead of editing remotely using Emacs/Tramp.

## 2021-04-24 Daily Notes

I've been debating between going all in with HEY for email or sticking with Fastmail. The answer may surprise you.

=> https://copingmechanism.com/2021/hey-or-fastmail-the-answer/  HEY or Fastmail? The Answer.

## 2021-04-22 Daily Notes

I have to say, getting through the initial curve of setting up Home Assistant has been a wildly frustrating experience. There is documentation, but it's a little like that of AWS in that it says everything but tells me nothing.

=> https://homeassistant.io Home Assistant

## 2021-04-21 Daily Notes

Today involved creating a Daily Notes file. You're soaking in it.
